DS-761 - update readme (#532)
elpassion/flounder-2: packages/design-system/README.md

yarn add @elpassion/taco
```

### Copy base tailwind config to use tokens

> In order to use this library you'll have to generate tokens file and wire it to your `tailwind.config.js` with `initDefaultTheme()`. Pass package directory to tailwind content Array and install `@tailwindcss/forms`.

Reviewer: I think generating tokens is not necessary when you don't want to customize a theme. So it's a bit confusing saying that `you'll have to`. Maybe move the part with generating tokens to the custom theme configuration section? 🤔

Author: I can't agree. Taco components have tokens instead of classic tailwind classes, so we have to add initDefaultTheme() to tailwind.config to assign tokens to appropriate styles.

Reviewer: Ahh okay, I misunderstood the meaning of the sentence. I thought that generating tokens is something different than calling `initDefaultTheme()` in the basic configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use this library you'll have to generate tokens file by calling `initDefaultTheme()` and wire it to your `tailwind.config.js`. Pass package directory to tailwind content Array and install `@tailwindcss/forms`.
```

```js
const { join } = require("path");
const { initDefaultTheme } = require("@elpassion/taco");

module.exports = {
  darkMode: "class",
  mode: "jit",
  content: [

>     join(__dirname, "./app/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}"),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    join(__dirname, "./app/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}"), // << This path may differ depending on your project configuration
```
